# Test Data

This README gives brief descriptions on the generation of various test data
found in this directory.

## Winnipeg

- The original product from which the test data are generated: winnip_31604_12061_004_120717_L090_CX_129_05.h5
  This is a UAVSAR NISAR simulated product. Check science/LSAR/identification/productVersion to get the product version
  As for NISAR data/ Simulated NISAR data have to be intended as zero-doppler

- All winnipeg-related "reference" products in this folder (e.g. warped_winnipeg.slc) have been generated using ISCE2 v2.3.
  The ISCE2 processing uses "winnip_31604_12061_004_120717_L090_CX_129_05.h5" as reference and secondary SLC to create the golden/reference dataset.

## Attitude

Attitude sample data in NISAR format (see JPL D-102264) was provided by the
G&C team (Dave Bates, et al) during NASA Internal Thread Test 04 (NITT-04)
activities in late 2020/early 2021. The hash of the original file delivered
by email is

```
$ md5sum NISAR_ANC_L_PR_FRP_20210114T023357_20200107T200000_20200109T040000.xml
2101bddf088d3b4e8e0e3051931f8284  NISAR_ANC_L_PR_FRP_20210114T023357_20200107T200000_20200109T040000.xml
```

To reduce the size of the test data, this file was trimmed to the first ten
records to produce `attitude.xml`.

## Orbit

Orbit sample data in NISAR format (see JPL D-102253) provided by Paul Ries
via email on 2020-07-06. It was generated from Jason2 data. The hash of the
original file is

```
$ md5sum -b smoothFinal.xml.gz
f415fc38e1feff0bb1453782be3d2b5f *smoothFinal.xml.gz
```

This file was uncompressed and trimmed to the first ten state vectors in
order to reduce the size of the `orbit.xml` file stored here.

# nisar_129_gcov_crop.h5

Minimal GCOV sample product obtained from processing a small subset of the
UAVSAR dataset NISARA_13905_19070_007_190930_L090_CX_129_02 from the AM/PM
campaing. The sample product was generated with parameters:
```
top_left:
   y_abs: 35.18
   x_abs: -83.46
bottom_right:
   y_abs: 35.13
   x_abs: -83.41
```
## REE

Multi-channel L0B Raw data and HDF5 antenna pattern cuts (NISAR antenna format *v2*)
initially generated by Radar Echo Emulator tool, [*REE*](https://github.jpl.nasa.gov/SALSA-REE/REE_SRC),
and then post-processed and converted into L0B product via its python utility tool
[*ReeUtilPy*](https://github.jpl.nasa.gov/SALSA-REE/ReeUtilPy).
Note that these files may be stored in a separate location outside *isce3* repo.

- **REE_L0B_out17.h5**

  Simplest possible point target simulation: single target, uniform PRF, no
  noise, zero Doppler geometry.  Designed to test backproject and focus.py.
  REE input file preserved here (REE_L0B_out17.rdf).  Orbit and attitude data
  were dumped to NISAR XML format files in the `focus` subdirectory, which
  also contains a runconfig file for focus.py.  The target is located at
  longitude -54.579586258 deg, latitude 3.177088785 deg, height 0.0 m.  The
  file was generated using REE v14.8.6 and ReeUtilPy v2.11.1.

- **REE_RSLC_out17.h5**

  This is an RSLC product generated from the "out17" L0B data.  It only covers
  a small chip around the target and can be used for testing the point target
  analysis software.

- **REE_CR_INFO_out17.csv**

  NISAR-formatted CSV file for info of a single point target/ corner reflector (CR)
  of REE simulation with config/RDF file *REE_L0B_out17.rdf*.

- **REE_GSLC_out17_unflattened.h5**

  A NISAR GSLC product containing a single simulated point target for use in
  testing the GSLC point target analysis tool. The product was generated by
  geocoding the *REE_RSLC_out17.h5* dataset with a zero-height DEM with
  topographic flattening disabled using ISCE3 version v0.22.1.

- **REE_ANTPAT_CUTS_BEAM4.h5**

  Four-beam *NISAR* antenna pattern file. The original full *2-D* version of patterns
  come from datasets for case of *Case4g19c* generated by NISAR antenna team and stored
  on *JPL NISE* machine.
  This file contains the first four NISAR-like beams (nearest range ones).
  It containes both elevation and azimuth cuts of both polarizations *H* and *V*.
  The file is generated along with the L0B files "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1...".
  That is the same antenna patterns used to generate the respective 4-channel L0B
  products.

- **REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5**

  Truncated version of first pass of repeat-pass four-channel *V*-polarized NISAR-like
  simulated *REE* L0B product over heterogenous urban-like simulated extended scene.
  The total number of truncated range lines is *3000*.
  The range bins has also been truncated from original datasets to get rid of far-range
  bins where there exist simply noise plus TX gap. The number of range bins is 1850.
  This dataset is suitable for demonstrating formation of three null patterns in elevation
  direction used in elevation pointing over heterogenous scene.
  The caltone has been already applied to individual RX channels via RxCal prior to its
  L0B file generation. Thus, RX channels are balanced out.
  Echo dataset has a shape of channel-by-rangeline-by-rangebin.
  This dataset is useful to test EL null-range product generation.

- **REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_UNCALIB.h5**

  Similar to "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5" with exception of no
  RxCal (caltone) has been applied. Thus, the RX channels are imbalance!
  This dataset is useful to test generation of EL null-range product with caltone flag.

- **REE_ORBIT_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1.xml**

  External Orbit XML file covering original full version of dataset
  "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5".
  The format is based on doc JPL D-102253.

- **REE_ATTITUDE_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1.xml**

  External Attitude XML file covering original full version of dataset
  "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5".
  The format is based on doc JPL D-102253.

- **REE_L0B_DBF_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_TRUNCATED.h5**

  DBFed version of "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5"
  under subdir *pointing/*.

- **REE_ANTPAT_CUTS_DBF.h5**

  Antenna pattern with DBFed data for L0B product
  "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5" under subdir *pointing/*.

- **REE_ORBIT_DATA_DBF_PASS1.xml**

  External orbit file for L0B product "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5"
  under subdir *pointing/*.

- **REE_ATTITUDE_DATA_DBF_PASS1.xml**

  External attitude file for L0B product "REE_L0B_CHANNEL4_EXTSCENE_PASS1_LINE3000_CALIB.h5"
  under subdir *pointing/*.

## DM2

Subdirectory "dm2" contains a group of simulated REE multi-channel NISAR-DM2-like L0B
products and their respective antenna and DEM files. These are, e.g., useful for testing
D&C pointing products such as Doppler and Null-range products.

- **REE_L0B_AMAZON_PASS1_RGL_4500-9500_RGB_10-2440.h5**

  Truncated version, in both range and azimuth, of REE-simulated 6-channel repeat-pass
  NISAR-DM2 like HH-Pol 5MHz single-band L0B product over Amazon w/ topography.

- **REE_ANTPAT_CUTS_AMAZON.h5**

  Respective HDF5 antenna product with 6 beams related to 6 TX/RX channels for both
  H and V polarizations.

- **REE_DEM_AMAZON_PASS1.tif**

  Respective DEM Geotiff raster over the entire scene used in the simulation for the
  first pass.

## dm1_dm2

Subdirectory ***dm1_dm2*** contains REE simulated NISAR *12*-channel
L-band *DM1*/*DM2* products over Amazon rain forest suitable for
testing NISAR *DM1/2-L0B-to-science-L0B* workflows.
The respective REE simulation was done in January 2024 as part of
pointing calibration exercise with NISAR D&C team.

Here is a brief summary of the files:

- **REE_L0B_ECHO_DM1_240MHZ_RX1.h5**
  Truncated version of the original file in azimuth direction with `50`
  range lines for simply channel # `1`. It is *H*-Pol with TX mode `25MHz/25us`.
  The raw data is real-value passband upsampled to `240 MHz` to look like
  single-pol version of NISAR flight-like DM1.

## AbsCal

- **calib_slc_pass1_20mhz.h5**

  REE-simulated RSLC product containing 3 point targets at the same azimuth location,
  but distributed in range.
  The data was focused using focus.py on 2023-03-02 and relative calibrations were
  applied as a post-processing step by H. Ghaemi. Each target should have approximately
  the same RCS.

- **calib_slc_pass1_5mhz.h5**

  5MHz-bandwidth simulation of the same scene as **calib_slc_pass1_20mhz.h5**.

- **REE_CORNER_REFLECTORS_INFO.csv**

  Corner reflector CSV file in UAVSAR format corresponding to the
  **calib_slc_pass1_20mhz.h5** & **calib_slc_pass1_5mhz.h5** simulations.
  The corner reflector orientation angles were chosen such that the line-of-sight vector
  aligned with the corner reflector boresight (the REE simulation itself uses isometric
  point targets) and the corner reflector side lengths were chosen such that the
  expected max RCS matched the simulated RCS of 10e3 m^2.

- **ree_corner_reflectors_nisar.csv**

  A copy of **REE_CORNER_REFLECTORS_INFO.csv** with additional NISAR-specific metadata
  appended in order to conform to the NISAR corner reflector CSV specification. In
  addition, an extra entry was added for one corner reflector with an older survey date
  and a new corner reflector was included with its validity code set to 0.

- **NISAR_ANC_CORNER_REFLECTORS_001.csv**

  File downloaded 2023-10-11 from UAVSAR development [website](https://uavsar-dev.jpl.nasa.gov/images/calibration/NISAR_ANC_CORNER_REFLECTORS_001.csv).
  This was generated by the same team that will be delivering the official NISAR
  CSV files.

## ALOS1

- **ALOS1_PALSAR_ANTPAT_FIVE_BEAMS.h5**

  Antenna pattern cuts (NISAR antenna format *v2*) for five beams centered at off-nadir
  angle around *34.0 deg*.
  The elevation-cuts for several beams are provided by *ESA* via M. Lavalle
  while the azimuth-cut is simply generated by H. Ghaemi from *Fig.3*[1].

- **ALPSRP081257070-H1.0__A_HH_2500_LINES.h5**

  L0B-formatted *HH* raw *PALSAR* data collected by *ALOS1* over Amazon rain forest.
  This dataset corresponds to beam # *7* of *ALOS1* centered at off-nadir angle around
  *34.0 deg*. This data corresponds to beam/channel # *3* in the above HDF5 antenna file.
  There are total *2500* range lines.
  The scene is cosidered homogenous suitable for antenna pattern measurement in
  elevation direction.

- **ALOS1_PALSAR_ANTPAT_BEAM343.h5**

  Antenna pattern for beam # *7* of *ALOS1* whose zero-degree EL corresponds to  off-nadir
  angle around *34.3 deg*. The antenna pattern EL/AZ cuts are interpolated/smoothed version
  provided by *ESA*.

- **ALPSRP264757150-H1.0__A_HH_LINE4000-5000_RANGE0-2200.h5**

  Truncated ALOS1 PALSAR L0B product containing simply *HH* product with 1000 range lines
  within [4000,5000) and 2200 range bins within [0, 2200) over the Amazon.

## PolCal
All the files used for polarimetric channel imbalance and calibration-related modules.
The files are sitting under sub-directory *pol_cal*
The ALOS1 PALSAR products are all quad-pol radiometrically calibrated RSLC.
The RSLC products are generated from L0B version of ALOS1 PALSAR L1.0 linear
quad-pol polarimetric (PLR) product with single beam at off-nadir angle 21.5 deg.

- **ALOS1_PALSAR_ANTPAT_BEAM215.h5**
  The antenna pattern of beam # 3 with off-nadir angle 21.5 deg and H/V pols used in
  radiometric calibration of ALOS1 RSLC products listed below.

- **calib_RSLC_ALPSRP277307130_AMAZON.h5**
  Calibrated RSLC product generated by ISCE3 from L0B version of
  ALPSRP277307130-L1.0 PLR.
  This data represents homogenous scene over Amazon Rain forest.
  The azimuth time spans are truncated to
  [2011-04-09T03:23:46.57486708, 2011-04-09T03:23:47.624335042] (UTC).
  The slant ranges are truncated to [756006.179202919, 758986.2589937587] (m).

- **calib_RSLC_ALPSRP025826990_RIO_BRANCO_CR.h5**
  Calibrated RSLC product generated by ISCE3 from L0B version of
  ALPSRP025826990-L1.0 PLR.
  This data represents one of the CRs placed in Rio Branco, Brazil.
  The azimuth time spans are truncated to
  [2006-07-20T03:15:55.543234467, 2006-07-20T03:15:55.595434462] (UTC).
  The slant ranges are truncated to [754647.706835741, 755093.8265649092] (m).

- **Corner_Reflector_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990.csv**
  UAVSAR-formatted CSV file containing corner reflector information extracted from
  averaged HH+VV products of "calib_RSLC_ALPSRP025826990_RIO_BRANCO_CR.h5".
  It simply contains LLH of one of the CRs placed in Rio Branco, Brazil.

- **Corner_Reflector_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990_NISAR.csv**
  NISAR-formatted version of *Corner_Reflector_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990.csv*.

## FaradayRot
The RSLC products and corner reflector CSV files are sitting under sub-directory
*faraday_rot*.
The RSLC products are radiometrically and polarimetrically calibrated focused
linear quad-pol ALOS1 PALSAR L1.0 products. The antenna patterns for beam # 3
with off-nadir angle 21.5 degrees, stored in **ALOS1_PALSAR_ANTPAT_BEAM215.h5**
, is used for radiometric calibration. The polarimetric channel imbalances are
estimated from the workflow **pol_channel_imbalance_from_rslc** and applied to
radiometrically-calibrated RSLC product. The cross-talks have not been removed
given their expected/reported values are around or below -35.0 dB.
The selected RSLC products are truncated in both range and azimuth to cover
a trihedral corner reflector. The truncated data covers around 0.8 seconds
in azimuth and 5 km in slant range. The geodetic location of a corner reflector
is extracted from its RSLC product and is dumped into a CSV file.

- **pol_rad_calib_rslc_Remningstorp_ALPSRP030392430.h5**
  Calibrated RSLC product generated by ISCE3 from L0B version of
  ALPSRP030392430-L1.0 PLR.
  This data represents a scene in Remningstorp, Sweden.
  The azimuth time spans are truncated to
  [2006-08-20T10:07:55.66599, 2006-08-20T10:07:56.465613978] (UTC).
  The slant ranges are truncated to [759260.2056432943, 764247.8242153875] (m).

- **Corner_Reflector_Remningstorp_ALPSRP030392430.csv**
  UAVSAR-formatted CSV file containing corner reflector information extracted from
  averaged HH+VV products of "pol_rad_calib_rslc_Remningstorp_ALPSRP030392430.h5".
  It simply contains LLH of one of the 5.1m CRs placed in Remningstorp, Sweden.

- **Corner_Reflector_Remningstorp_ALPSRP030392430_NISAR.csv**
  NISAR-formatted version of *Corner_Reflector_Remningstorp_ALPSRP030392430.csv*.

- **pol_rad_calib_rslc_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990.h5**
  Calibrated RSLC product generated by ISCE3 from L0B version of
  ALPSRP025826990-L1.0 PLR.
  This data represents one of the CRs placed in Rio Branco, Brazil.
  The azimuth time spans are truncated to
  [2006-07-20T03:15:55.170005, 2006-07-20T03:15:55.968664922] (UTC).
  The slant ranges are truncated to [753630.5538532396, 757369.0371836637] (m).

- **Corner_Reflector_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990.csv**
  UAVSAR-formatted CSV file containing corner reflector information extracted from
  averaged HH+VV products of "pol_rad_calib_rslc_Rio_Branco_ALPSRP025826990.h5".
  It simply contains LLH of one of the 2.5m CRs placed in Rio Branco, Brazil.

## Beamformer
All the files are sitting under sub-directory *bf*.
Short L0B dataset containing proper NISAR-like tx-chirp calibration data including
BYPASS CAL, LNA CAL and HPA CAL . The DBF tables are stored in a newly introduced
(on *09/18/2022*) instrument HDF5 file (v1.0), while the DBF-related RD/WD/WL values
are stored in L0B product per new L0B spec (12/13/2022).
The "ReeUtilPy" version for generating these datasets is *v2.10.2*.
The respective REE RDF (config) file is *hrdf_ree_short.rdf* set up on *09/18/2022*.

Note that a new instrument HDF5 sample file "REE_INSTRUMENT_TABLE_V2P0.h5" of version
*v2.0* has been generated by "ReeUtilPy" *v2.14.1* and being added to this folder on
*10/2/2023*.

- **REE_ANTPAT_CUTS_DATA.h5**

  Twelve-beam NISAR antenna pattern file. The original full 2-D version of patterns
  come from datasets for the nominal case of *Case4g21*.
  It contains both elevation and azimuth cuts of both polarizations *H* and *V*.

- **REE_L0B_ECHO_DATA.h5**

  This raw data set is H-pol *5MHz/25us* NISAR-like simulated REE L0B science-like
  (DBFed) product.
  It containes 5 noise-only range lines out of *176*. Total number of range bins is *6486*.
  BYPASS CAL and LNA CAL intervals are *40* and *80* pulses, respectively.
  The first range line is BYPASS.
  This product contains DBF-related RD/WD/WL arrays and proper def/value for
  "diagnosticModeFlag" under "identification" group.

- **REE_INSTRUMENT_TABLE.h5**

  The first version, *v1.0*, of the instrument HDF5 product introduced on *09/18/2022*.
  This file currently contains DBF TA and AC tables with their respective meta info
  for both *H* and *V* polarizations. The content of this file is generated from
  REE output DBF LUTs per *hrdf_ree_short.rdf* configuration.

- **REE_INSTRUMENT_TABLE_V2P0.h5**

  The augmented version, *v2.0*, of the instrument HDF5 product "REE_INSTRUMENT_TABLE.h5"
  whose new spec are introduced on *8/23/2023*.
  This file contains extra groups "channelAdjustment" and "crossTalk" for all
  polarizations covering both TX and RX side. E.g, */HPOL/channelAdjustment/tx/amplitude*,
  */HPOL/crossTalk/tx/amplitude*, */HPOL/crossTalk/tx/elevation*, etc.

- **REE_L0B_ECHO_DATA_NOISE_EST.h5**

  An older L0B dataset which is simply used to test NISAR noise estimator workflow.
  This dataset is H-polarized NISAR-like simulated REE L0B product.
  The total number of range lines is *70*. The total number of range bins is *28927*.
  The Tx range lines types are of HPA, LNA, and BYPASS. BYPASS range line interval is *20*.


## Geoid EGM96

- **egm96_15.gtx**
  The geoid raster "egm96_15.gtx" contains the global geoid EGM96 array
  sampled at 0.25 degrees in latitude and longitude. The raster
  is geolocated over geographic coordinates with longitude range
  varying from -180 to 180 degrees.

- **egm96_15_lon_0_360.gtx**
  The geoid raster "egm96_15_lon_0_360.gtx" is the "shifted" version of
  "egm96_15.gtx" geolocated over geographic coordinates with longitude
  from 0 to 360 deg.


[1]: M. Shimada et al., "PALSAR Radiometric and Geometric Calibration",
*IEEE Trans. Geosci. Remote Sens.*, pp. 3915-3932, December 2009.

## DEM
- **dem_himalayas_E81p5_N28p3_short.tiff**

  DEM raster file over a very small area of Himalayas downloaded from NISAR-DEM AWS S3
  bucket as follows:
  ```
  $ stage_dem.py -b 81.45 28.29 81.5 28.3 -o dem_himalayas_E81p5_N28p3_short.vrt
  ```

- **dem_south_pole.tif**

  DEM corresponding to a failed PCM RLSC job based on an L0B file named
  `NISAR_L0_PR_RRSD_033_010_D_250S_20230117T053529_20230117T053549_D00401_N_J_001.h5`
  and described as issue number 9 on the wiki
  [here](https://wiki.jpl.nasa.gov/pages/viewpage.action?spaceKey=NISARSDS&title=Test+Dataset+Assessment+by+Release).
  It uses a polar stereographic map projection.  The version saved here was
  drastically reduced in size from the original using the command
  ```shell
  gdal_translate -tr 2000 2000 dem_0.tiff dem_south_pole.tif
  ```

## Point Target

- **search_first_null.pkl**

  Python pickle archive of a slice of a point target impulse response function
  in dB as well as the index of the peak.  This is an example from a point
  target simulation where the analysis script once failed to find the null
  width.

## Troposphere Delay

- **dem.tif**

  DEM file in 100 meters resolution and UTM 11N projection near Clear Lake, California
  The troposphere delay is calculated using this DEM.

- **hgt.tif**

  Same with the dem.tif file, but in WGS84 projection

- **lat.tif**

  Latitude of the hgt.tif file

- **lon.tif**

  Longitude of the hgt.tif file

- **GUNW_product.h5**

  The GUNW product is generated by the isce3 insar workflow using the RSLC data. To keep
  a small size, only the data used by the troposphere delay calculation is retained, including
  ```
  1. science/LSAR/GUNW/grids/frequencyA/centerFrequency
  2. science/LSAR/GUNW/metadata/radarGrid/epsg
  3. science/LSAR/GUNW/metadata/radarGrid/heightAboveEllipsoid
  4. science/LSAR/GUNW/metadata/radarGrid/yCoordinates
  5. science/LSAR/GUNW/metadata/radarGrid/xCoordinates
  6. science/LSAR/GUNW/metadata/radarGrid/incidenceAngle
  7. science/LSAR/GUNW/identification/referenceZeroDopplerStartTime
  8. science/LSAR/GUNW/identification/secondaryZeroDopplerStartTime
  ```

- **troposphere_aps_test.yaml**

  The yaml file that is used by the troposphere delay calculation using the pyAPS package.
  The yaml file contains the inputs parameters for the troposhere delay calculation.

- **troposphere_raider_test.yaml**

  The yaml file that is used by the troposphere delay calculation using the RAiDER package.
  The yaml file contains the inputs parameters for the troposhere delay calculation.

- **aps_weather_model**

  The ERA5 weather model files corresponding to the reference and secondary images under this folder
  are downloaded by the pyAPS and both are in GRIB format.
  ```
  1. ERA5_N38.26050518740136_N39.48557856973074_W123.52887464635715_W121.6221049408457_20120419_16.grb
  2. ERA5_N38.26050518740136_N39.48557856973074_W123.52887464635715_W121.6221049408457_20121105_22.grb
  ```

- **raider_weather_model**

  The ERA5 weather model files corresponding to the reference and secondary images under this folder
  are donwloaded by the RAiDER package and both are in NetCDF format.
  ```
  1. ERA-5_2012_04_19_T16_37_23_38N_40N_124W_122W.nc
  2. ERA-5_2012_11_05_T22_48_18_38N_40N_124W_122W.nc
  ```

## Calibration

- **rslc_calibration.yaml**

  An example YAML file input to focus.py that specifies parameters needed to
  produce calibrated RSLC products.

## Ampcor

- **data/ampcor/accuracy-testdata/ovs128-rho0.8/**

  This directory contains synthetic generated reference and secondary images
  for ampcor testing.

  The `golden/` subdirectory contains the expected ("golden") output against
  which both the CPU and GPU implementations are verified.

## Sub-Swath Mask

- **data/focus/sub_swaths.h5**

  This file is based on an ALOS test case.  A scene over Rosamond, CA, was
  downloaded and processed in the following ways:
  - An L0B file was generated with a fake TX gap in the near range using the
    `--simulate-gap` and `--gap-location` options to `alos_to_nisar_l0b.py`.
    The simulated gap is 5 microseconds longer than the chirp, like NISAR.
  - A second L0B file was generated with a fake TX gap in the far range.
  - Both files were split in half, with an azimuth gap in the middle using the
    `split_l0b.py` script.
  - The focus.py runconfig was set up for mixed-mode processing, using the first
    half L0B file with the near-range gap and the second half L0B file with the
    far-range gap.

  This emulates a possible NISAR case where mixed mode processing is active
  between two fixed-PRF modes that have a different PRF (which could happen
  when mixing DP and QP, for example) and there is also a recording gap between
  the two observations.
  
  A breakpoint was set in `focus.py` so that the arguments to
  `isce3.focus.get_focused_sub_swaths` could be manually dumped to this HDF5
  file, avoiding the need to add large L0B data files to the test suite.

  The "true" subswath mask was generated by also focusing the full, unmodified
  L0B file to an RSLC.  Both RSLCs were multilooked, and then the ratio of
  the two power images was computed.  In the valid data region, the ratio should
  be unity, so the result of `ratio > 0.999` was stored in the HDF5 file as the
  dataset named "mask".
